PROJECT OVERVIEW
A Self-Reflection Journal that encourages fun and joy in vulnerability.
The journal can be completed daily or weekly and is not meant to consume
a lot of time. The user can customize their journal or use a default
setting. The default consists of one or two questions every day,
each with their own fill-in box where the user can type to their heart's
desire. An example question: What's something you always believe dot be
true about the world that you now see differently? At the end of the day,
if the user logs back on, the user will be prompted with a recurring end-
of-the-day question that will help one reflect on their day. It will ask
the user to list two things they are thankful for, people they are
thankful for, something they regret/feel remorseful for doing/not doing,
and some highlights of the day. The journal will also store key words or
most commonly used words in a weekly visual with the purpose of helping
people become more self-aware with the type of language they use with
themselves and in general.
I managed to code the main portion of the journal down: prompting the user
with questions and allowing them to type their own response.

PROJECT NARRATIVE
I knew I had to get the main part of the journal down.
The raw-input lesson you posted helped. I needed a raw input option for the
user but I know my project is different from the one you presented because
the one in the video was more like a quiz with correct/incorrect answers.
In my case, I just need allow the user to type their own response. I executed
this part in Milestone 1. With Milestone 2, it was more difficult to figure
out how to save the user's input because I don't remember learning that in
lectures. You directed me to a link which helped. I think it would have
helped if this class was synchronous so I can have live feedback on my code.
I still have trouble applying the concepts I learned. I've also had trouble
running my code to look for errors. I'm surprised at how little information
I feel I could apply to make this project successful. I didn't meant to make
the code so minimal but I didn't know how to even start with making new
questions for each day, or the recurring end-of-the-day question I wanted,
or the visual text of commonly used words. But it makes sense to not know
how to do all of these things because everyone has different projects that
need different concepts and you can't teach all of them at once. I learned
some useful information from my parents who are (javascript) programmers,
and friends with some or little experience in coding. It was a lot of
teaching myself and applying what I can from lectures.

CORRECTIONS
Your Milestone 1 feedback suggested I create a more reactive response to the
user's input. I didn't know what I could say in response to the user's input
but I reminded myself of the goal of my project which is to encourage
vulnerability but also make it fun. So I added some statements to promote
more self-introspection even after they answer the question. Lines 11 and 17
do this. Your Milestone 2 comments prompted me to create a text file of the
user's input. I was able to find the proper section of the link you gave me
in order to save the user's fill-in's into a file named YourJournal.txt.
